LITTLE PRINCE LAUNCHER — WINDOWS v1.0a
Setup, how it works and support guide

Website: https://kitzure.github.io/littleprince-launcher/
Repository: https://github.com/kitzure/littleprince-launcher

QUICK START
1. Download the Windows ZIP and extract it into a new writable folder.
   Do not launch it inside the ZIP.
2. Install Python 3 with Tkinter if needed, using the standard Windows
   installer from https://www.python.org/downloads/windows/.
   Enable its Python/PATH options.
3. Double-click Start.bat. Accept the administrator prompt for the
   hosts redirect and port-80 service.
4. Choose a game and press Play. Allow the local portal to download
   the Flash-capable game browser and missing game files when prompted.
5. Create a local account through the launcher's Accounts site, use it
   in the game, and keep the launcher open. Close the window normally
   when finished.
For original CD installations, back up the original files first and
use the launcher's patch-files menu for the supplied patches.

SUPPORTED TITLES
- LP1: Little Prince
- LP2: Starwish Legend
- LP3: Prince Adventure
- LPO: Little Prince Online
These titles have local launcher/server integration. Support is not
an assurance that every original mode or service is complete.
The newer Starwish Party app and LP4 are not supported. The website's
modern character artwork does not change the supported game list.

HOW IT WORKS
The launcher temporarily redirects relevant classic-game hostnames
to this computer and starts local services for the games' AMF calls.
Default ports:
- 80: CD-game service and hosts redirect.
- 8080: game portal, account website and online-game gateway.
- 8443: local multiplayer relay when enabled.
Implemented game requests are handled locally; supported account,
progress and score records are saved in the installation folder.
Supplied patches adapt classic-client license checks and selected
client behavior for this local setup.
Normal settings answer unknown services locally rather than sending
them to the publisher. Game/browser downloads still use the internet.
Normal shutdown stops services and removes the added hosts entries.
After a forced termination, use Revert the hosts redirect.

LOCAL FEATURES
- Local accounts, profiles and available worlds.
- Supported progress saves and per-title leaderboards.
- Friends/mail between local accounts, and an editable notice board.
- Per-game mod presets/fields, normally applied at the next login.
- Server status and request logs.
- Lobby/room handling; full multiplayer behavior is not guaranteed.
These are local records, not the publisher's or a school's accounts.

REQUIREMENTS
- Windows desktop/laptop; no guarantee for old Windows or ARM/emulation.
- Python 3 with Tkinter; Python is not bundled in the ZIP.
- Administrator rights for hosts redirection and port 80.
- Free local ports and a writable installation folder.
- Internet and additional disk space for missing browser/game files.
  The launcher ZIP is not the complete game collection; individual
  downloads can be hundreds of megabytes.
- Game copies you legally own. No official key/subscription is supplied.

DATA AND SAFETY
Back up the installation folder before updating. Do not publish its
personal account files, passwords or unredacted logs.
Create a separate local password; do not reuse email/school passwords.
Follow the Accounts site's validation for the legacy password fields.
Servers may listen on network interfaces, not only localhost.
Keep Windows Firewall enabled. Do not forward the local service ports
on a router or expose this installation to the public internet.
Installer sources are Catbox, Pixeldrain or trusted self-hosted HTTP(S).
Google Drive installer URLs and redirects are disabled.

LIMITATIONS
- The launcher is Windows-only, not a macOS/Linux/Android/iOS app.
- Legacy Flash compatibility varies. The offered game browser is the
  compatibility path; Ruffle may render or behave differently.
- Local server recreation is partial. Some original functions, asset
  requests and multiplayer modes may differ or fail.
- No official matchmaking, school-account import, subscription or
  cloud account synchronization is provided.
- Offline play is not guaranteed for every mode or missing asset.
- This project is not affiliated with the original publisher.

TROUBLESHOOTING
Python missing: install the standard Windows Python build and enable
its PATH options. Check Tkinter with: python -m tkinter
Admin prompt cancelled: rerun Start.bat and accept the prompt for the
full hosts/CD setup; port 80 and redirects may fail without elevation.
Port conflict: close other launchers/apps using that port. Read the log.
Advanced local testing: python Start_Server_GUI.pyw --no-hosts --port 18080
That test command does not enable the normal CD hostname redirect.
Official site opens: keep the launcher running, verify hosts redirect,
and use the game browser. DNS-over-HTTPS can bypass the redirect.
Download failure: check network, disk and logs; select a permitted
mirror or trusted self-hosted pack. A launcher mirror is not a
replacement for a broken individual game-pack URL.
Redirect remains after a crash: use Revert the hosts redirect. Back up
the hosts file before manual edits.
Mod missing: check the title/account, then log out and enter the game
again. Changes are normally sent by the local server at login.
Report unresolved issues at the repository's Issues page. Remove
personal details and passwords from log excerpts before posting.

DOWNLOAD AND INTEGRITY
Version: Windows v1.0a
Filename: littleprince-launcher-v1.0a.zip
Size: 12,419,299 bytes (about 12.4 MB)
Primary:
https://github.com/kitzure/littleprince-launcher/releases/download/v1.0a/littleprince-launcher-v1.0a.zip
Identical backup:
https://files.catbox.moe/mqijfv.zip
SHA-256:
f87556d45f101db9c329498af9938092e4f7e14f1798d21090d45c13c5e9f4b7
PowerShell check:
Get-FileHash .\littleprince-launcher-v1.0a.zip -Algorithm SHA256

RIGHTS AND OWNERSHIP
An unofficial educational/preservation project. Original games,
characters, artwork, music and code belong to Starwish Little Prince
Ltd. / Starwish Fair and their respective developers/rights holders.
Use only game copies you legally own. Do not sell this package or use
it to obtain games you do not own. Support official releases when available.
